# readme
Basic description of our software capabilities
Integrator is a new way to create and access data in modular structures. The “meta-data” or characteristics of a data element are available as parameters stored as data within a separate module within the same data structure; Integrator treats “meta-data as data.” Algorithms access these values at run time to accomplish any actions required: display, computation, search, authorization and the rest of a rich suite of functionality. Structures of unlimited complexity are built with recursive, hierarchical and nested relationships of these modular constructs; objects are more like Lego bricks than tables defined in the program. Parts of the process can be automated; a new data structure can be created from a list of elements, an existing database or a stream of data. The graphical interface can display and interact from any type of monitor or a web site. 
We are a start-up in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. We do not have a website yet, because the software is too rich to summarize easily. You can use it any way you can think of, and we have thought of quite a few. Please use the old-fashioned way to learn more and get in touch. A living, on-line demo from the developer Oleg Garipov is the only way at this point. Bring a problem, we can show you how it works. 
Some current capabilities: 
1.  Provide a web interface to a Mongo JSON database which creates and executes complex queries automatically. You see the data and metadata on screen; a search is built in an empty data form, with the metadata showing, and typical Boolean variables for the data you want. How many calls did (123) 456-7890 make to the (212) area code last month?
2.  Reverse any database into Integrator format, with all the metadata exposed; the Integrator version is fully normalized. Provide synonyms for the metadata from a standard ontology, which is listed, searchable, commentable (as data, so grouped any way you want). Join two or more databases by this common ontology. Leave the data itself on the existing servers; Integrator will find it and search it. 
3.  Convert existing code into graphical format and replace all variable names with the common ontology, automatically. Now the code is normalized, displayed graphically with the data it accesses. All variables point to their data, all intermediate and run-time variables are exposed and stored after each run during development. Not sure what your code is doing? Here it is, displayed with its data and results of all computations. Change the code and see the new results. 
4.  Publish your new database online. The web interface functions; authorizations hide any sensitive part of the data, keep it HIPAA compliant. Works on your phone, tablet, etc. 
   
